Add timestamp modifiers to sigma specification (#165)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: appendix/sigma-modifiers-appendix.md

* `lte`: Field is less or equal than the value
* `gt`: Field is greater than the value
* `gte`: Field is greater or equal than the value

> * `minute`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the minute number. Between 0 and 59.
> * `hour`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the hour number. Between 0 and 23.
> * `day`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the day number. Between 1 and 31.
> * `week`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the week number. Between 1 and 52.
> * `month`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the month number. Between 1 and 12.
> * `year`: Parses the field as a datetime/timestamp and transforms value to the year number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Time Modifiers

The modifiers listed in this section can only be applied to date values.
it extracts a numeric value from a date.

Warning It is not designed to handle timezone or format conversions.

* `hour`:  number between 0 and 23.
* `day`: number between 1 and 31.
```
The discution end was to keep it simple to day and hour only.
It is easy to add a missing one than remove a unless one.

Author: I didn't read Thomas' message the same way you did. The fact he mentioned "etc" in his last message makes me think he meant that he prefers `|timepart` to express these conditions instead of using the cron proposal, NOT that we should limit to `|hour` and `|day`. 

The reason I wanted to introduce this to the standard requires me to use `|hour` and `|minute` *at least*. I don't see why we should limit to these two arbitrary time parts instead of supporting everything, because AFAIK all SIEMs in the discussion support all of the proposed modifiers. I feel if we do that it's an incomplete job.

@thomaspatzke thoughts?

Reviewer: I reread the discussion and I update to keep all the pipe .

* `gt`: Field is greater than the value
* `gte`: Field is greater or equal than the value

> ## Time Modifiers

Reviewer 2: The title needs to be aligned with the other titles and added to the Summary

```suggestion
### Time Modifiers
```

Author: Thanks, fixed in last commit.
